[Music]
if the eyes are the window to your soul
then your eyebrows are that window
frames in addition their shape can tell
you a lot about your character let's
test this fizzy anomic theory on
yourself right now and don't forget to
share the video with a friend who also
wants to know themselves better let's
figure out what your eyebrow shape can
say about your character number one
ordinary eyebrows eyebrows of medium
width and distance from each other
imply a commitment to traditional values
and integrity of character at the same
time you are not prone to over
dramatization this is what makes others
enjoy being in your company number two
extra long eyebrows if you have long
eyebrows it means you can withstand any
stress also you are a very sociable
person people with long eyebrows are
vibrant individuals who possess
inexhaustible internal resources and a
wide range of interests if you belong to
this type you're used to solving all
your problems single-handedly and seldom
share them with others we can say you
are a strong person
number three short eyebrows if you have
short I browse you are highly attentive
to details you also know how to stand
your ground don't like hearing others
complain about their problems since you
also find it hard to cope with life's
difficulties sometimes and yet no
mountain is too high for you that's for
sure
number four thick eyebrows you have
total confidence in your inner strengths
and outward attractiveness people like
you can easily cope with conflicts once
you've set your sights on an important
goal you're simply unstoppable you're
not particularly concerned with what
others might think about you being far
more interested in living
your own life to the fullest people of
your type are rightfully called
free spirits number five thin eyebrows
very thin eyebrows speak of innate
delicacy conflicts are not on your list
of high priorities and you managed to
skillfully avoid them what else is there
to say
you're a perfect listener and an
all-around compassionate soul number six
high arched eyebrows if you have high
arched brows you are likely to be
sensitive and selective in communication
on first meeting you people often get a
false impression finding you
self-centered and arrogant but the
simple truth of the matter is you won't
fully open up to someone who hasn't won
your trust speaking of your character
traits perfectionism and self-criticism
have always been your closest companions
haven't been number seven low arched
eyebrows a person with low arched
eyebrows is sure to be the kind of
person you can trust
in any situation such people usually
possess an engaging personality and can
build serious long-lasting relationships
they are usually very reliable and
thoughtful number eight triangular
eyebrows the sharp angular shape of your
eyebrows implies a dynamic personality
you have a knack for quickly analyzing
situations and making lightning-fast
decisions such spontaneity can sometimes
lead to undesired results but it sure
has its advantages people never get
bored with your company you are a
natural leader you're good at inspiring
others and you never shy away from
taking responsibility number nine
rounded eyebrows such eyebrows are an
indisputable sign of kindness and
attentiveness you're never indifferent
to others problems and you are always
ready to help those in need and people
love you for this
number ten almost straight eyebrows
eyebrows without pronounced curves imply
an analytical mindset and an inclination
to rational thinking measure twice cut
once is the saying that best describes
your outlook on life nevertheless you
are not afraid of calling a spade a
spade and voicing uncomfortable troops
that others prefer to avoid number
eleven diagonal eyebrows the steeper the
angle of inclination the stronger the
emotion and passions that seethe inside
your soul you make a lasting impression
on everyone you meet people like you
know exactly what they want in life and
always find that quickest path towards
success number twelve barely visible
eyebrows a particularly rare occurrence
light-colored sparse eyebrows the shape
of which can't easily be defined this is
a sure sign of insecurity you tend to
doubt your own character and abilities
which in turn breeds timidity and
shyness you don't suffer from excessive
assertiveness and aggressiveness we
advise you to cast off self-doubt and
spread your wings toward new
achievements so would you agree with our
observations share your thoughts in the
comments down below and if you're
visiting our channel for the first time
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]